♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪
♪ Traveled down the road
And back again ♪
♪ Your heart is true ♪
♪ You're a pal and a confidante ♪
♪ And if you threw a party ♪
♪ Invited everyone you knew ♪
♪ You would see the biggest gift
Would be from me ♪
♪ And the card attached would say ♪
♪ "Thank you for being a friend" ♪
(calm music playing)
♪ Puff the magic dragon ♪
♪ Lived by the sea ♪
♪ And frolicked in the autumn mist ♪
♪ In a land called Honna Lee ♪
-♪ Puff the magic-- ♪
-Thank you.
That was... very odd.
If I increase my steroids
by 100 milligrams,
I sing just like Barbara Mandrell.
Would that get me on the show?
No, but if you're ever in prison,
I bet it would get you
everyone's dessert.
The ladies' auxiliary puts me
in charge of the variety show,
and we can't come up
with one decent act.
Too bad this isn't St. Olaf.
There's great talent in St. Olaf?
No. It's lunchtime there.
I could really go for
a smoked kipper hero.
All right!
Who's auditioning next?
I'm next.
Ma, what the hell
are you doing here?
I gnawed through my leather
restraints and outran the guard dog.
I'm here for the audition.
Forget it.
You always force
your way into the show.
You can't sing, dance,
or tell jokes.
I'm sorry,
you can't be in the show.
"You can't be in the show."
Who are you, Ricky Ricardo?
For your information,
I'm not auditioning.
Why are you here?
I know I'm not talented,
so I've become an agent.
Why Ryan O'Neal hasn't come
to the same conclusion,
I'll never understand.
I'm proud to announce
I'm the exclusive,
worldwide representative
of the Donatello triplets!
Hit it, my magnificent
little songbirds.
♪ I don't want to take it anymore ♪
♪ I'll just stay here locked
Behind the door ♪
♪ Just no time to stop
And get away ♪
♪ God, I work so hard
To make it every day ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ And it's hard to say ♪
♪ Just how some things
Never change ♪
♪ And it's hard to find ♪
♪ Any strength to draw the line ♪
♪ Oh, I'm just burning
Doing the neutron dance ♪
-So, what do you think?
-They're adorable!
They're perfect!
Take 5. Go wait in the van.
They shouldn't be here
while I'm negotiating.
Negotiating?
Sophia, this show is for charity.
The word charity isn't in a
good agent's vocabulary.
Thanks for your time,
but other talented people here
are willing to do the show for free.
Who's next?
The Sklarkevitch brothers.
Hello, I am Misha Sklarkevitch.
My brother Andre is still in Poland.
Please show us what you can do,
Mr. Sklarkevitch.
It's better with my brother.
Hey!
If you change your minds,
you know where to find me.
(soft music playing)
Dorothy, I have terrible news.
We don't have an emcee.
Kent Ferguson, the KTMB weatherman,
has just dropped out.
You're kidding. What happened?
He's filling in for Willard Scott.
Willard ate some bad scallops.
He wandered over
to the critics' corner
and lost his cookies
on Gene Shalit.
Gene thought it was
because Willard disagreed
with his review
of The Accidental Tourist.
Willard apologized
and left the studio.
They're saying he's on assignment.
At least some good came of it.
It's about time someone
threw up on Gene Shalit.
Volunteering to organize
this variety show
was the worst idea
we have ever had.
We've hardly sold any tickets,
we can't find an emcee,
and all the acts are awful.
Dorothy, good news.
I've had a change of heart.
The triplets can appear for free.
Honey, you don't know
how much good this does us.
Wait. What's the catch?
That is so typical of you.
Why do you assume,
because I'm doing something nice,
there's a catch?
There isn't a catch?
I didn't say that.
I'm just ticked off you
automatically assume there's one.
What is it you want?
For the moment, only for you to
feast your eyes
on the great Alphonso!
The great Alphonso!
Seymour...
Hello, I'm the great...
I'm the great...
Alphonso.
What?
Pull the damn rabbit
out of your hat.
Right. Right.
Abracadabra, hocus picus--
Pocus.
My God,
where's the damn rabbit?
It's in the other hat.
Sophia, he's terrible.
No, he's not.
He's terrific.
You mean the act?
We'll work on it.
So that's it?
We'll get the Donatello triplets
if we put your new boyfriend
in the show.
That's blackmail.
That's show business.
Hi, girls.
How's everything going?
Awful! Kent Ferguson canceled.
We don't have an
emcee for the show.
We don't have any talent
for the talent show.
It'll be a disaster.
I'll be the laughingstock
of the ladies' auxiliary.
Maybe I'll get Bob Hope
to be our emcee.
How will you get Bob Hope?
Easy. He's my father.
Rose, have you been forgetting
to wash the fruit before you eat it?
I'm serious!
Bob Hope is my father,
well, sort of, he could be, maybe.
Rose, what the hell
are you talking about?
There's something
I've never told you.
I spent my first eight years
at the St. Olaf orphanage.
Gunter and Alma Nylund
are my adoptive parents.
But you never mentioned this before.
I love my parents so much,
I really never think about it.
When I was at the orphanage,
I daydreamed all the time
that my real parents would knock
on the door and take me away.
Like the other kids,
I started fantasizing
about who they might be.
I had a clear picture
in my head of my father.
Anyway, one day
they took us to the movies,
and when Bob Hope
came on the screen,
I stood up and yelled, "My God,
that's my father! That's him!"
Rose, honey, you don't
still actually believe that?
Believing that got me through
some rough times.
Whenever I had a problem
I couldn't solve,
I'd write Bob Hope a letter,
go to his movies,
and suddenly,
I could work it all out.
All my life, I felt he was there
if I needed him.
I know he won't
let me down now.
Should I cry or commit you?
Leave it to me.
I know in my heart
he'll be here.
Just so I get this straight,
you never actually met Bob Hope?
No, but I'm sure
looking forward to it.
Oh!
Boo-hoo-hoo!
No, no, now, Dorothy, no, no.
(mellow music playing)
I'd like to thank those
bake sale participants
who raised money for the religious
cult deprogramming center.
I'm happy to report
that Doris Levy's son Marshall
is now back in law school.
Now it's time for an update
on our biggest and most important
charity fund raiser,
the annual hospital
variety show benefit.
I'd like to call on chairman
Dorothy Zbornak for an update.
Dorothy?
Well, I'm
I'm very happy to report that
this year's variety show
is really coming along.
The first thing I'd like to discuss,
yes, Frieda?
I heard that ticket sales
aren't going well,
I heard you haven't
found any good talent,
and I heard Kent Ferguson canceled,
and we don't have an emcee.
Yeah? I heard that you been
sleeping with the Japanese guy
who blows the leaves
out of your driveway.
It so happens Dorothy's doing
a terrific job.
Matter of fact,
she's negotiating right now
with some very big-name
celebrities to be our emcee.
Like who?
Well... like...
Great news!
We've got Bob Hope for our emcee!
Nice work, Dorothy.
Meeting adjourned.
Isn't that great?
See you soon again, ladies.
Sue, take care.
Bye-bye.
-How did you get Bob Hope?
-I called his office--
-Dorothy, let's talk.
-What did he say?
-I didn't talk directly to him--
-Give Alphonso your keys.
-You talked to his agent?
-No!
You'll love this trick.
Who did you talk to?
A nice receptionist at NBC.
I'm focusing on
this metal object.
That's idiotic!
Be patient. It's a good trick.
You're basing this whole thing
on a conversation
with a telephone
operator at NBC?
Let's tell everyone
it was a big mistake.
-Voila.
-Oh, will you...
-I thought you'd be--
-Just go.
All my keys are bent.
Don't just stand there.
Applaud the man.
(serene music playing)
-How'd it go, Dorothy?
-Awful.
When I said that Bob Hope
wasn't going to appear,
they actually booed me.
Oh...
I've never been so humiliated.
Aw, come on.
You've been humiliated plenty.
Remember cheerleader tryouts
in high school?
Why do you look for ways to amuse
yourself at my expense?
Because we don't have cable,
and I can't crochet.
This is who I am.
Learn to live with it
or medicate me.
I still can't believe
that Rose caused this trouble.
Unbelievable.
This Bob Hope fantasy is sick.
Sick.
If she's going
to have fantasies,
they should be the normal,
healthy kind
like sweaty Argentinean cowboys
whipping things
while they ride naked
on the back of Brahma bulls.
I have to remember
to stop using your towels.
This Rose-Bob Hope thing reminds me
of a similar situation
back in my village.
Florence Pontevicchio
used to fantasize
that Alberto Bolognese
was her brother.
Who was Alberto Bolognese?
The village bootmaker.
So, what's so special?
Did I say special?
I said similar.
I'm having some tea, talking.
You two look like you just paid
for Phantom of The Opera tickets.
Excuse me for not being
Somerset Maugham.
Better I say nothing
and sit here like a pincushion!
Hi, girls.
Did Bob Hope call?
Rose, will you stop being an idiot?
Bob Hope is not going to call.
He is not going
to emcee our show.
I said he'd be here, and he will.
Rose! Rose, this is not
Miracle on 34th Street.
You are a grown woman
holding on to childhood fantasies.
Bob Hope is not your father!
He has no idea who you are,
and he's not coming
anywhere near this place.
That's not true!
He's here in Miami.
It's right in today's paper.
She's right.
He's in a golf tournament here.
Apology accepted.
Rose, what the hell
are you talking about?
That doesn't mean
he'll be in our show.
Don't you see, Dorothy?
He's in Miami
because he knows I need him.
It's working out.
I can feel it.
Dorothy, I think I might have a way
to get Mr. Hope to be in our show.
Let's go to that golf tournament,
find Mr. Hope, and explain things.
He's always doing charity events.
It's worth a shot.
You can skip all that trouble.
He'll be there.
What you need is faith.
What you need is a psychiatrist
who enjoys a challenge.
(soft music playing)
You guys got any
extra shaving cream?
Sure.
This is so weird.
I've never been in
a men's locker room.
Neither have I.
I like the new carpet they...
Me, neither.
This is ridiculous.
It'll never work.
Now, listen. The Caddie said
Mr. Hope just finished golfing.
He's got to be in here somewhere.
Even so, he won't do a favor
for three people who
look like Sam Snead
with a hormone problem.
I'll check out the rest
of the locker room,
starting with the jacuzzi.
You don't know where it is.
Yeah, down here, second do...
I'll ask somebody.
Oh, this has been a nightmare.
Oh, don't worry, Dorothy.
It's all going to work out,
because Bob Hope...
Bob Hope won't let us down.
Right.
I've known you over five years.
In that time, I have heard
the most bizarre stories
I've ever heard in my life.
There was Clovis,
the two-headed mule,
who skied backwards
on buttermilk...
It was cottage cheese.
The point is, Rose, this Bob Hope
story is odd, even for you.
Bob Hope's gone.
We just missed him.
I saw him driving away.
They said he's going to the airport.
The show's tomorrow night.
He wouldn't leave before that.
He knows I'm depending on him.
There must be another explanation.
Maybe...
maybe I'm just
a foolish old woman
who's lived a silly
fantasy her whole life.
Oh, honey.
Now... oh, honey, no.
All right, that's it.
We got to get
that antique dealer
off the membership
committee.
♪ And what he knows
You ain't got mind to lose ♪
♪ These boots are made for walking ♪
♪ And that's just what they'll do ♪
♪ One of these days these boots
Are gonna walk all over you ♪
The Donatello triplets,
ladies and gentlemen.
I'll bet those boots
have more miles on them than...
Joan Collins' waterbed.
Her waterbed.
Now I have a real treat for you.
Straight from Poland,
the Sklarkevitch brothers.
Where's your brother?
Aw, do your best.
Hey!
Do we go on next?
I can't let him.
I gave you the Donatello triplets.
A deal's a deal.
Sophia, Alphonso will
only embarrass himself.
If embarrassment worried him,
he wouldn't walk around
with that much hair in his ears.
Besides,
he and his old vaudeville partner
have perfected
one of their old tricks.
Boo! Boo!
I know.
It's better with your brother.
Well, it can't get any worse.
Alphonso, you're on.
Well... it looks like
I'm in the show after all.
Girls, something
terrible has happened.
Gee, and everything was going
so well up until now.
Bob Hope's name is
still on these programs.
How did that happen?
Who did the programs?
I forgot.
I guess I figured he was gonna come.
We have to make an announcement
and refund everybody's money.
I guess now's as good
a time as any.
It's my fault. I'll do it.
Oh!
And now my beautiful assistant
will step into the magic box.
Alphonso, I need
to make an announcement.
Well, take your time.
I forgot the magic words.
Ladies and gentlemen,
my name is Rose Nylund.
I'm responsible for
what's happened here tonight.
Because of a silly, childish dream,
I let you all down.
I had this crazy idea
I had a special connection
to a very special person,
and that's why on your programs
it says that the guest celebrity
for tonight's show is--
Presto!
Bob Hope!
(audience cheers)
Hey, I know this show
is for charity,
but that's the smallest dressing
room I've ever had in my life.
Oh, my God.
You're really Mr. Bob hope.
Being this close to you
is the biggest thrill of my life.
If you were any closer, there
wouldn't be room for my car keys.
Mr. Hope,
could we impose upon you
to entertain for a few minutes?
Will I entertain?
I didn't put this makeup on
to go bowling.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Mr. Bob Hope!
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Did you hear that Ronald Reagan
has just moved back to Hollywood?
That's just what Hollywood needs,
another unemployed actor.
And you know Reagan left office
with the highest popularity rating
since FDR.
He was more popular
than Tammy Bakker
at a Maybelline convention.
I can't believe it!
How did he get here?
Know how Alphonso kept talking
about his old vaudeville partner?
It turns out it was Bob Hope!
Isn't that a kick?
Since Ron and Nancy
moved back to California,
we've had earthquakes
almost every day.
Do you think God
could be a democrat?
But earthquakes don't
bother the president.
If Sam Donaldson couldn't shake
him up, nothing will.
We owe you an apology, honey.
You were right after all.
You don't owe me anything.
This was a lucky coincidence.
I'm just glad it worked out.
Boy, but I've learned one lesson,
no more silly daydreams for me.
Nancy Reagan has mixed feelings
about moving back to California.
She's afraid her husband
might not have as much free time
to spend with her anymore.
Thanks, Dad.
Thank you.
(theme music playing)